Filter hierarchy level only by class (#416)
iTwin/presentation: .changeset/proud-readers-rest.md

---
"@itwin/presentation-components": minor
---

> `PresentationInstanceFilterDialog` now invokes `onApply` callback with only selected classes.
> Added `createInstanceFilterDefinition` that creates `InstanceFilterDefinition` from `PresentationInstanceFilterInfo`. Created definition can be passes to `PresentationManager` in order to filter results.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`PresentationInstanceFilterDialog` now allows applying filter when only classes are selected.

Added `createInstanceFilterDefinition` that creates `InstanceFilterDefinition` from `PresentationInstanceFilterInfo`. Created definition can be passed to `PresentationManager` to filter results when creating content or hierarchies.
```
